Add doc for `index_transform` (#7505)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/tutorials/snmp/profile-format.md

It is possible to add tags to metrics retrieved from a table in three ways:

> ##### Using a column within the same table:

Author: note: `#####` will create anchor to help sharing links.

> ##### Using a column within the same table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using a column within the same table
```
nit: the other headers don't have `:`

> ##### Using a column within the same table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Using a column within the same table
```

        tag: interface
```

> ##### Using a column from a different table with different indexes

Reviewer: This is a super nit, but would it make sense to move this section after `Using an "index", i.e. one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition` because the next section kind of explains indexes and how to identify and use them?

Author: ```
Using an "index", i.e. one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition
```

This section is about another way of using the indexes, not necessarily related to the other section ^. At the moment, this section doesn't explain either what indexes are. In the doc, for now, we assume people are a bit familiar with SNMP table indexes. We can possibly add an explanation about what SNMP indexes are, but as another PR.

```yaml
metrics:
  - MIB: CPI-UNITY-MIB
    table:
      OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.3.110
      name: cpiPduBranchTable
    symbols:
      - OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.3.110.1.3
        name: cpiPduBranchCurrent
    metric_tags:
      - column:
          OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.2.10.1.3
          name: cpiPduName
        table: cpiPduTable
        index_transform:
          - start: 1
            end: 7
        tag: pdu_name
```

> In case the external table have a different indexes we can use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index we want to use. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the external table has different indexes, we can use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index we want to use. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are inclusive.
```

> In case the external table have a different indexes we can use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index we want to use. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are inclusive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the external table have a different indexes we can use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index we want to use. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are included.
```

Author: Addressed. I think in this case "`start` and `end` are inclusive." is fine.

External table indexes must be a subset of the indexes of the current table, or same indexes in a different order.

!!! example

>     In the example above, the index of `cpiPduBranchTable` looks like `1.6.0.36.155.53.3.246`, the first digit is the `cpiPduBranchId` index and the rest is `cpiPduBranchMac` index. The index of `cpiPduTable` looks like `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` and represent `cpiPduMac` (equivalent to `cpiPduBranchMac`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the example above, the index of `cpiPduBranchTable` looks like `1.6.0.36.155.53.3.246`, the first digit is the `cpiPduBranchId` index and the rest is the `cpiPduBranchMac` index. The index of `cpiPduTable` looks like `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` and represents `cpiPduMac` (equivalent to `cpiPduBranchMac`).
```

    By using the `index_transform` with start 1 and end 7, we extract `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` from `1.6.0.36.155.53.3.246` (`cpiPduBranchTable` full index), and then use it to match `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` (`cpiPduTable` full index).

    `index_transform` can be more complex, the following definition will extract `2.3.5.6.7` from `1.2.3.4.5.6.7`.

    ```yaml
            index_transform:
              - start: 1
                end: 2
              - start: 4
                end: 6
    ```

> ##### Using an "index", i.e. one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Using an index

Note: here "_index_" refers to one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition.
```

> ##### Using an "index", i.e. one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using an "index", i.e. one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition
```

        tag: interface
```

##### Using a column from a different table with different indexes

```yaml
metrics:
  - MIB: CPI-UNITY-MIB
    table:
      OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.3.110
      name: cpiPduBranchTable
    symbols:
      - OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.3.110.1.3
        name: cpiPduBranchCurrent
    metric_tags:
      - column:
          OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.30932.1.10.1.2.10.1.3
          name: cpiPduName
        table: cpiPduTable
        index_transform:
          - start: 1
            end: 7
        tag: pdu_name
```

> In case the external table has different indexes, we can use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are inclusive.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the external table has different indexes, use `index_transform` to select a subset of the full index. `index_transform` is a list of `start`/`end` ranges to extract from the current table index to match the external table index. `start` and `end` are inclusive.
```

External table indexes must be a subset of the indexes of the current table, or same indexes in a different order.

!!! example

    In the example above, the index of `cpiPduBranchTable` looks like `1.6.0.36.155.53.3.246`, the first digit is the `cpiPduBranchId` index and the rest is the `cpiPduBranchMac` index. The index of `cpiPduTable` looks like `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` and represents `cpiPduMac` (equivalent to `cpiPduBranchMac`).

    By using the `index_transform` with start 1 and end 7, we extract `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` from `1.6.0.36.155.53.3.246` (`cpiPduBranchTable` full index), and then use it to match `6.0.36.155.53.3.246` (`cpiPduTable` full index).

    `index_transform` can be more complex, the following definition will extract `2.3.5.6.7` from `1.2.3.4.5.6.7`.

    ```yaml
            index_transform:
              - start: 1
                end: 2
              - start: 4
                end: 6
    ```

##### Using an index

> Note: here "_index_" refers to one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: Here, "_index_" refers to one of the values in the `INDEX` field of the table MIB definition.
```
